fix: Document and fix IWYU (#2765)
acts-project/acts: CI/iwyu/README.md

> # IWYU = Include what you use
> 
> This tool finds unused includes and suggestes additional includes and declarations.
> 
> It is not very stable at the moment and takes a few hours to complete within ACTS therefor it only runs once a week and can be triggered manually.
> 
> There is also not sufficient filtering offered by IWYU at the moment. For that reason there is a specific filtering script for now which tries to get rid of unwanted changes.
> 
> offline resources
> - [GitHub Actions Workflow](../../.github/workflows/iwyu.yml)
> - [Custom filter script](./filter.py)
> 
> online resources
> 
> - https://include-what-you-use.org/
> - https://github.com/include-what-you-use/include-what-you-use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# IWYU = Include what you use

This tool finds unused includes and suggests additional includes and declarations.

It is not very stable at the moment and takes a few hours to complete within ACTS. Therefore, it only runs once a week and can be triggered manually.

Also, at the moment, there is not sufficient filtering offered by IWYU. For that reason, there is a specific filtering script for now which tries to get rid of unwanted changes.

offline resources
- [GitHub Actions Workflow](../../.github/workflows/iwyu.yml)
- [Custom filter script](./filter.py)

online resources
- https://include-what-you-use.org/
- https://github.com/include-what-you-use/include-what-you-use
```
